the kill for a long time I had always
believed that any measure sentence was a
kind of evolution and now I 'm
realized that all I have
endured
it was for my good I the waves
were going against me she was only doing
clearly ship to the port if the
lightning and the roar of thunder
hit the creams in the middle and raise
my mind is not chess and I
am behind her tits fall to whom I
am but take up this love years that I have
on their writings and I succeeded thanks to
two tries I remember standing
in the middle of a room are almost at
rigarda work a small window and in
thinking that I was the most
desirable a wreck manta is successful nsg
I was discouraged almost hopeless
I was an exe the life for me is a
burden
I headed for the window at 20
h at the church to eat however the bar
in the morning while trying to watch I
reminds me of looking where one of
barbey walls the highest and I have
never seen
after a while I turned around
look at my cell I remember
look at the walls and ceilings army
asked the question what did I do
to find myself here I thought about my
grammar for a moment I had
the impression of feeling the pain of a
little girl on a pinch in the heart
much more + 5 memory
it allowed me to travel back
throughout my child throughout
my suffering is worth it
go back to my past this place where
I knew and but was tested at the same
time where everything like ac
but my reality at this moment and that I
found myself locked in a center
city ​​of tension in pure concern
to be evicted in the next
hours or a few days and my only
crime would have been to change the position
is the sanctuary of the nation that I
believed to be able to help me during these three
sleepless nights and foam day
Finally, I saw my life in front of me
as the end of math acting troubles
hang on and I would have liked to say for
see it in a better way
throughout my stay in the
detention center for immigration
I was surprised why no one
could see unless I was a
honest man I was just a young
very very frustrated man in all the
old purple that had never
had the chance to be accepted by all who
had lost everything that was dear to him
I felt all alone is excluded from the
mans after my release
I felt after fleeing my country
that I wanted to become someone else
is appointed and does not speak the language of the
an inexperienced Martian country too naive
and lose my self-love been broken
I wanted to do everything but I did not know
not who I was
or even if life had a meaning I
thought about my life for a moment and I
did not know it existed until
what gave it to me who gave me
I was tired and when I started to
enjoy life with all my organs
senses all the same beautiful and all one
sense and I got attached to life and
I did not want the call finding of the
life will end or how it had been
given is of lesser drop but as
elderly life is major importance i
always thought that there is some
thing at the bottom of the mans who always had
want a better always
want to surpass themselves to be something
anything but what I am
we become our own judges we
have set limits but it's only
when we go beyond its limits and
we start to live properly
my motto was always the same cross
came true and when I think about life
charge to suffice his sentence
I do not look back for
would surely have gone past he's dead she
is all the ways I can not the
switch
I do not want to be troubled to wear
my future
he is still coming gifi the present and
I want to do something
beautiful anywhere cultural
this rock
thank you for watching the vision and the
share
if you liked to shine well want
you are learning so that we can
bring you more videos